# Database-Group-
Spring-2020-Food-Project

Project and Team Introduction

Steven Marsh- I am a current student at UNC Charlotte, and a Marine Corps veteran. My concentration is data scientist.

Kunjumon Flora-

Lilly Harrison-

Parekh Shiv-

Team Name: COIVD-EAT

Data and Source description
Our data source is randomly generated from http://www.generatedata.com. 
Food delivery system

Introduction-

Our project is to track the data of a food delivery company. We are taking in account that the public universities do not want just anyone on campus. There is an issue with people who have no connections to the school going anywhere on campus to deliver food. So, in our project we are taking in account the delivery drivers have to be students or people who already have access to the school. In the relationship of our data we are also taking in consider ration our customers which would be universities students, faculty, and staff.


Use Case

The target of our idea is food delivery apps. The delivery app needs to have data on what food to use for adds. Each area/dorm is different for what people want. That app wants to target it's adds correctly and wants to ensure their customers are getting their food in a timely manner. With our data the app could see which drivers are rated the best and promote those accordingly. The information also ensures that the delivery drivers delivering the food already have access to the university. Delivery apps also want to know where to place their drivers in the right location at the right time. The data we have would benefit them.

Business Rules-

Any time a person creates a successful query for the project they will upload it on Git Hub to keep track of updates. If a person tries to add to an existing query and that individual gets errors/bugs they will revert to the last running update for the query. Any time a newly updated EER diagram is uploaded there needs to be a comment that it is new and the most recent. Random data must be generated by http://www.generatedata.com. The only exceptions being the first eight delivery drivers. Our sprint will be on a one-week cycle until the final submission at the end of the Spring 2020 semester.

EERD
See MYSQL Workbench

MySQL Queries
-Trigger
mysql> CREATE TABLE account (acct_num INT, amount DECIMAL(10,2));


mysql> CREATE TRIGGER ins_sum BEFORE INSERT ON account
       FOR EACH ROW SET @sum = @sum + NEW.amount;


-Stored Procedure
DELIMITER //
CREATE PROCEDURE country_hos
(IN con CHAR(20))
BEGIN
  SELECT Name, HeadOfState FROM Country
  WHERE Continent = con;
END //
DELIMITER ;

-MySQL dump
shell> mysqldump --databases db1 db2 db3 > dump.sql

Data Dictionary-
Check uploaded files.

